dx-1212 Consistent payer terminology part 1 (#688)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/vipps/seamless-view.md

2.  `rel: view-payment` is a value in one of the operations, sent as a response
   from Swedbank Pay to the Merchant.

> 3.  `Open iframe` creates the Swedbank Pay hosted iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  `Open iframe` creates the Swedbank Pay Seamless View.
```

>      The payer UI page displays the payment window as content inside of the
>    `iframe`. The payer can insert mobile information for authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The Seamless View displays the payment page as content inside of the
   `iframe`. The payer can enter their mobile phone number for authorization.
```
